# <u>elec_toolkit</u>
Library, that is designed for tuition of signal-theory in electrical engineering.
Each class-instance represents a physical value, that can be combined with others.
The classes support basic mathematical operations on each other and always contain a unit and a description. Instances provide interface for plotting the results with "Matplotlib". 

## classes:
   *    ```Phys_unit```:<br/>real-valued, supports basic mathematical operations, callable (returns value (int or float) of itself), printable (returns formatted string with description, value and unit)<br/><br/>
   *    ```Complex_phys_unit```:<br/>complex-valued, subclass of Phys_unit-class, supports basic mathematical operations, printable (returns formatted string with description, formatted complex value as complex representation and as amount-phase-representation with units).<br/>Instances are callable with positional argument to return value of the delayed sine for a specific time<br/><br/>Instances can be constructed from complex value (real, imaginary) or from amount-phase-representation (magnitude/phase of the resulting sine). <br/> The class provides classmethods to convert between complex- or amount-phase-representation (```complex_to_polar()``` / ```polar_to_complex()```).<br/><br/>Plot the complex vector-diagram with the ```plot()``` method. <br/><br/>
   *    ```Loc_Curve``` :<br/>provides interface for subclasses to plot locus-curves by defining a calculation rule in subclass-definition. The mutable variable has to be defined as a list and is a parameter of the calculation-rule.<br/> The instances are configurable with all parameters used in the calculation-rule and provide a ```plot_complex()``` function to plot the locus-curve as a mapping from the real number space to the complex depending on the mutable variable. To plot the Bode-diagram as a mapping from the real to the real number space the ```plot_magn()``` and the ```plot_phase()``` functions are provided. <br/><br/>
   *    ```Signal```:<br/>defines signal (mapping of time to physical value), subclass of Phys_unit-class, supports basic mathematical operations, instances provide ```plot()``` function. The mapping can be defined by a calculation rule defined in subclass (```Signal.from_calc_rule()``` constructor) or as a overlay of multiple harmonics (```Signal.from_harmonics()``` constructor). The harmonics are instances of ```Complex_phys_unit``` and are stored as a list.